any messages for me come to my house not
a thing about the stone if you have the
set you've just seen is the nerve center
of a secret five-story underground
laboratory which is the star of the
Andromeda Strain my new film for
universal which is based on last year's
best-selling novel it's the story of the
world's first space age crisis we see
bodies possible stages stations in that
security model we need to fly by or
Piedmont New Mexico infrared a Fleur
scan all sectors film to come direct to
school
granny can't toss one maybe can hit he
lives i recommend calling a wildfire
alert
yes i just wanted to inform you that all
members of your team have been cleared
and are now being crawled in no other
way to hold the infection spread are you
sure the old man the baby are still
alive
it's growing
what the hell are you doing turn off the
oxygen put them on room air no the air
is stick with Andromeda experiment with
your own life damn it
Andromeda will spread everywhere they'll
never be rid of it there are now minutes
to self destruct the cause Cobra
safeguard what were my chances be in
there they don't exist for anyone
anywhere to stay here
hey leaving us here